Side Navigation to have additional menu that is Project Code. It is a independent list with Code and Name. It will be updated by scheduled job but it is out of scope of this requirement for the moment.
Project Code is on receipt level hence when adding receipt in /claims/receipt/<claimId>?action=add-receipt and  edit receipt /claims/receipts/<claimId>?action=edit-receipt&rid=<receiptId>, there should be 1 additional dropdown field which is Project Code.

Side Navigation to have additional menu that is Team Split. Team Split is structurally under class, 1 class can have multiple team splits and there is class also that don't have team split.
when Team Split in navigation click, there is similar dashboard like under Classes, with options to add Team Split and edit the existing Team Split.
in add Team Split, there are Code, Name and dropdown to choose Classes. user need to select 1 class as Team Split need to be under 1 Class.
Class and Team Split is on receipt level hence when adding receipt in /claims/receipt/<claimId>?action=add-receipt and  edit receipt /claims/receipts/<claimId>?action=edit-receipt&rid=<receiptId>, there should be 1 additional dropdown field which is Team Split and the value based on the selected class. it will be greyed out until the class is selected.

There is an update to role based access also
-add another role Credit Card Holder
-Employee role access to be updated to only for
    -Receipts > View Claim > View Receipt
    -Receipts > View Claim > Add Receipt
-Credit Card Holder access are only
    -Receipts > View Claim > View Receipt
    -Receipts > View Claim > Add Receipt
    -Statements > Upload Statement
    -Statements > View Details
    -Statements > Delete Statement
    -Statements > View Details > Edit
-Finance access are only
    -All function under Receipts
    -All function under Statements
-Admin can access all

Receipt level (/claim/receipt), there is no amount required in the portal as it will be moved to another system. the receipt will need only file, department, class, team split. receipt summary can show the number of receipt only.
